README for Android-6bed4
========================

This is an implementation of the 6bed4 tunnel on Android.

I am shocked; the file descriptors created by the VPN
are non-blocking, making it impossible to wait for its
I/O.  Furthermore, I found no way to use the select()
call as I would have (and actually did) in C.  As a
result, the tunnel must poll for traffic :'-(  So if I
missed a Java trick here, *please* let me know.

Version 0.3 actually passes information between the
tunnel and its usage base, albeit from the assumptions
that the IPv4 address is fixed and (not wholy reliable
without port mapping and an explicit UDP port)that the
external UDP port is the same as the internal one.  You
need to create a Java source file for that, as described
in the header of the TunnelService.java file.  Don't be
afraid you might forget it though, your compiler will
remind you :)

Version 0.2 which already had better locations for the
various pieces of code that create the tunnel.  This makes
it work on the first run as well, rather than just on the
second run like v0.1 did.  Otherwise, it is the same as
0.1 and so not really functional.  But the basic user
interaction on the VPN is functional and reliable.

At best, it claims the VPN for tunneling, pulls in all
IPv6 traffic and drops it on the floor ;-) so the only
thing that can currently be checked is that the tunnel
disables IPv6 without harming IPv4.  If you have native
IPv6 you will notice that IPv6 stops working.

Future versions might be even more useful:

 0.1 :- VPN claimed, IPv6 routed by IPv4 is not
 0.2 :- VPN properly claimed, also on 1st start
 0.3 :- Tunnel IPv6 from *fixed* IPv4 address
 0.4 :- Use RtrSol/RtrAdv for autoconfig (v00)
 0.5 :- Use NgbAdv/NgbAdv for peering (v01)
 0.6 :- ??? Redirect native through 6bed4 (v02)
 1.0 :- Add artwork and a spiffy webpage

Cheers,
 -Rick
